well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about rights it's a hot topic right now
everybody's talking about their
individual rights I'm gonna give the
short version up front for the people
who may just need to hear the advice if
you have somebody in your life who is
constantly talking about their rights
and what they have a right to do yet
they never talk about another our word
that goes along with it and they never
act on that other R word you can go
ahead and cut them out of your life they
are not going to contribute anything of
value to it it is what it is okay so in
the u.s. at least when people talk about
their rights they talk about the
enumerated ones the ones listed in the
Bill of Rights in our Constitution most
people really only know the first two
amendments to be honest but we can use
those as an example of this because in
every right there is an inherent
responsibility you have the right to
free speech it's in the First Amendment
why was that put in there why did the
founders say we need to write this down
was it so anybody could say any silly
little thing that popped into their head
now of course not
that wouldn't be worthy of inclusion why
was it there was there so society could
advance it was there to protect new
ideas you know so people could advance a
controversial theory and it not be
labeled as heresy so you could criticize
your government that's why it's there in
order to do that you have to know how
your government works inherent in the
right to free speech is the
responsibility to become educated
so what'd you say actually has value you
have the right to an assembly to
peaceably assemble you have the
responsibility not to block off a
hospital when you do it that seems like
it should go without saying you know
we'll just go ahead and skip to the
second amendment it's the one most
people are familiar with and typically
the people who view this right as sacred
are the biggest offenders shall not be
infringed the right to keep and bear
cool why it's actually written in this
one they made it real clear because at
any moment you can be called forth to
protect your community that's the
responsibility that goes along with it
does that responsibilities disappear if
you haven't picked one of those things
up doesn't it's still there you have a
responsibility to protect your community
we got a whole bunch of people out there
talking about how they're ready they are
ready to defend the country and
individual liberty yeah I'm supposed to
trust you in a firefight I can't even
trust you not to make unnecessary trips
to the store to get Twinkies you will
pardon me if I don't sleep soundly with
you on watch you're gonna make the
ultimate sacrifice for truth justice the
American Way mom and apple pie and all
that stuff but you can't make the
sacrifice of staying home and watching
Netflix
to protect your community the
responsibility that goes along with that
right again you will pardon me if I
doubt your commitment to the cause if
you want ultimate freedom you want the
right to do anything anything as long as
you are not infringing on somebody else
and that's the society I want there's a
catch to that though if you have the
right to do anything
you also have share of responsibility
for everything if you are not concerned
about your responsibilities and you're
only concerned about your rights you're
just selfish that's all it boils down to
and it's very transparent these same
people all of a sudden well we have to
get the economy back on track because
those poor people those poor people see
I know a lot of people on the lower
rungs of the socio-economic ladder
they're fine I mean they're struggling
but they always have been that's not new
for them calling them forward you're
just using them as a shield we have to
help them because in reality what it
boils down to is you don't want to admit
that for the first time in your life
you're struggling you need help don't
use them for that
yeah we do need to help them but we need
to help them all the time not just when
it also impacts the middle class if
people actually cared about this we are
deeming essential now they probably have
a living wage probably have access to
health care stuff like that but it's
those who have focused solely on their
rights and not on their responsibilities
their obligations to humanity to society
don't do that
it just reeks of privilege and it's
extremely transparent anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night